Create README #6 (#9)
Backseating-Committee-2k/BackseatSafeSystem2k: README.md

[![Unit Tests](https://github.com/Backseating-Committee-2k/BackseatSafeSystem2k/actions/workflows/rust.yml/badge.svg)]([https://github.com/Backseating-Committee-2k/Seatbelt/actions/workflows/cmake.yml](https://github.com/Backseating-Committee-2k/BackseatSafeSystem2k/actions/workflows/rust.yml))
[![Licence: MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Backseating-Committee-2k/BackseatSafeSystem2k)](https://github.com/Backseating-Committee-2k/BackseatSafeSystem2k/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Discord Channel](https://img.shields.io/discord/834834066008309800?style=social)](https://discord.gg/WygnW2wZj3)
[![Twitch live status](https://img.shields.io/twitch/status/coder2k?style=social)](https://twitch.tv/coder2k)

# BackseatSafeSystem2k

> This is the official implementation of the platform invented from the twitch stream Coder2k.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the official implementation of the platform invented by the Twitch chat of [coder2k](https://twitch.tv/coder2k).
```

## Features

- Textmode
- Videomode
- Debugging-Instructions

## How to build

> The project uses [cargo]([https://cmake.org/](https://crates.io)) as build system. All dependencies are fetched automatically. Build the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses [cargo](https://crates.io/) as build system. All dependencies are fetched automatically. Build the
```

> The project uses [cargo]([https://cmake.org/](https://crates.io)) as build system. All dependencies are fetched automatically. All dependencies are fetched automatically. Build the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses [cargo](https://crates.io) as build system. All dependencies are fetched automatically. Build the
```

## How to build

> The project uses [cargo]([https://crates.io](https://crates.io)) as build system. All dependencies are fetched automatically.  Build the software like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses [cargo](https://crates.io) as build system. All dependencies are fetched automatically.  Build the software like so:
```
